Qt Creator provides a cross-platform, complete integrated development environment (IDE) for application developers to create applications for multiple desktop, embedded, and mobile device platforms, such as Android and iOS. It is available for Linux, macOS and Windows operating systems. For more information, see Supported Platforms.
In addition, you can use the experimental WebAssembly plugin to build applications in web format and run them in web browsers.
This manual also describes features that are only available if you have the appropriate Qt license. For more information, see Commercial Features.

￼
￼
￼
￼
Getting Started
IDE Overview
User Interface
Configuring Qt Creator
Building and Running an Example
Tutorials
Managing Projects
Creating Projects
Using Version Control Systems
Configuring Projects
Managing Sessions
Designing User Interfaces
Developing Qt Quick Applications
Developing Widget Based Applications
Optimizing Applications for Mobile Devices
Coding
Writing Code
Finding
Refactoring
Configuring the Editor
Modeling
Editing State Charts
￼
￼
￼
￼
Building and Running
Previewing
Building for Multiple Platforms
Running on Multiple Platforms
Deploying to Devices
Connecting Devices
Testing
Debugging
Analyzing Code
Running Autotests
Advanced Use
Supported Platforms
Using Other Build Systems
Using Command Line Options
Keyboard Shortcuts
Using External Tools
Getting Help
Using the Help Mode
FAQ
How-tos
Known Issues
Glossary
All Topics
Note: To report bugs and suggestions to the Qt Bug Tracker, select Help > Report Bug. To copy and paste detailed information about your system to the bug report, select Help > System Information.
You can also join the Qt Creator mailing list at: lists.qt-project.org Mailing Lists.
For credits and a list of third-party libraries, see Acknowledgements.

Getting Started 
© 2019 The Qt Company Ltd. Documentation contributions included herein are the copyrights of their respective owners.
The documentation provided herein is licensed under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License version 1.3 as published by the Free Software Foundation.
Qt and respective logos are trademarks of The Qt Company Ltd. in Finland and/or other countries worldwide. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. 